BAMAZON



The bamazon database app was create with local files installed that can be used by a basic consumer, manager and store executive.  The customer is allowed to view products for purchase;  the manager will be able to view salable products, and low inventory as well as add to the inventory, while adding new products.  As for the executives, they will be able to track product sales by department and also have the power to create a new department.



Bamazon Customer

The consumer will be able to access the app just by going to the terminal and typing in bamazonCustomer.js.  The bamazon app will present  a table of products generated by the database and give information such as item_id, product_name, department_name, price of the product and the stock_quantity.  The customer  will be ask a couple of questions such as, "What is the ID number of the item you would like to purchase?” and "How many items would you like to purchase?” 





The app is able to take in the customers request and fulfill his/her request. The app will thank the customer and let them know that their order is in stock.  The app will give the customer a final cost of his/her order and thank them for their purchase.




The app is also able to give the customer precise feedback if their request is not valid.  Meaning, if a customer chooses an item and request more than the online store has in stock, the app will let the customer know that the quantity is insufficient, apologize and ask the customer to return later so that the store can fulfill their order and send the customer back to start their purchase process over.




One of the features that I like most about the app, is how it will update the database whenever the quantity of an item is completely sold in one customer purchase.  I was very excited to be able to include this into the application and watch it successfully work.





The database showed the customer choosing ID 2 and a quantity of 30, which completely dissolved the stores inventory of ID 2.



Database was successfully updated!


